---
layout: post
title:  "Give A Rod a Defense "
author: Tom W
thumbnail: /assets/images/tom.jpg
permalink: /tommies/
---
If you finally give Aaron Rodgers a defense.... What does that mean?

Well the last time our Green Bay packers had a top ten defense we won the super bowl. Boom. But the times are different. Father Time catches us all. Aaron Rodgers is no longer the physically gifted QB he was when he was in his late 20s early 30s. While over time what we lose physically we also gain mentally through experience. 

I will take a veteran Charles Woodson over a 22 year old 4.3 40 Ahmad Carrol. (vomit I hate wasted picks) 
Or just look at the great gunslinger himself Brett Favre as he had his most polished and complete years with less talent all the while not being as physically gifted as he was in his early years due to his ability to be a step ahead of defensive schemes.

Simply put Rodgers is one the most gifted and talented QBs to ever play he just is, but what makes him so unique and mind blowing to watch can also be his downfall. His ability to expand plays and hold onto the football was his demise and crutch last year and could argue years before. 

For years Rodgers has HAD to make plays out of nothing in order for us to win it was offense with a defense we hoped would get a tipped ball or dropped bass in order to get off the field. Now in comes a new look hungry defense with depth and serious talent that will hit you in the mouth and tell you about it, which has a trickle effect to Rodgers. "We have a defense" (Rodgers) The pressure of feeling he has to constantly hit the big play the home run should no longer be there and should lighten the load and open the feild for him to make the simpler plays which in turn will open up the big plays for our offense creating a much more TEAM oriented group with the offense playing off the defense and vice versa.

We now have the ability to actually stay patient with the run game rather than disregard it all together because we have a defense we can fall back on to get a stop or make a play IF Rodgers can stay out of the 3rd and longs and avoid those sacks where he's holding onto the ball too long. This defense should help Rodgers feel confident in making the simpler plays and moving the chains instead of constantly looking for the home run.

Matchup watch.... Jaire vs. Theiland (I could be completely wrong)

"shock the wold on three..... shock the world on me"

Go Pack Baby
