---
layout: post
title:  "Packers Pts/G and Carolina Matchup"
author: R C W
thumbnail: /assets/images/packbears.jpeg
permalink: /week10ptspergame/
---
  

# NFC North Offensive Pts per Game
{% include packersO.html %}
Packers are averaging just above 25 pts a game which is good for 13th in the NFL.  If you look at the other NFC North teams it is very close between the Packers Lions and Vikings who rank 13th 12th and 11th respectively.  This might suggest that the Packers lead in the NFC North is far from safe.  The Bears are near dead last at 27th.  It is safe to say they are all but eliminated from any kind of competetiveness this year and beyond.

Looking back to the Packers Super Bowl season in 2010 they finished the regular season ranked 10th in the league at just over 24 pts a game.  This shows that the Packers are in good position with respect to their scoring and having a productive enough offense to win the whole thing.  Still any more displays like last week can derail that pretty quick. The other thing it highlights is an increase in overall scoring across the league. The Packers are averaging more points in 2019, 25.1, than 2010, 24.2, but rank lower overall.

# Carolina
The Packers defense needs to contain Mcaffery and get pressure on Kyle Allen.  If they do that they should be able to move the ball against the Carolina D.  I would expect the Packers to come out ready to play this week. Davante Adams again is due for a big day.  Recall his performance against the Eagles when he sustained the injury he was in a similiar position.  I see him getting plenty of targets and making the most of them.  La Fleur has enough credit built from positive results early in the season to have a week like last week. Still if it happens again more questions will be asked.  Ultimately I would be very suprised if the Packers came out flat at home today.  It will be close though I am going to say 28-24 Pack. 