---
layout: post
title:  "Packers vs Niners"
author: S J W
thumbnail: /assets/images/packbears.jpeg
permalink: /sanfran/
---

Packers at 49ers

## Garrapolo is Mediocre - Sanders and Kittle are key

I do not think Jimmy is that good. I think he stands in the pocket well similar to his former teammate in New England, whom I will not mention. However, as was shown in the Seattle game, Jimmy can get rattled easily. He is also fully capable of getting in rhythm and looking like a top 10 QB, but that has much more to do with him having big time playmakers in George Kittle and Emmanuel Sanders – who are both back unfortunately for the Packers. If Shanahan can get the matchups he wants – for example Kittle on Blake Martinez – then may God have mercy on our souls. I really hope Pettine finds a way to not let Kittle beat him, even if that means leaving 2 or 3 other options 1 on 1. I’m not kidding, Kittle will literally carry people into the endzone because he’s a hair short of being certifiably insane and is about as athletic of a human as there is in this world. Another way to put it, he scares the absolute shit out of me. The Packers secondary will be tested as much as they have all season with their tackling, and outside of Kittle, the 49ers have Sanders and Samuel who are known for breaking tackles and gaining yards after the catch. Tevin Coleman is also capable of hitting a homerun on any handoff and catches the ball well. I believe Matt Breida is out, but Coleman will be fine and posses another threat to the Packers limited ability to cover RB’s out of the backfield. Again, the Packers will need to make sure Kittle doesn’t beat them – but as with any defensive game plan, I think it’ll come down to getting pressure on Jimmy. Shanahan will most likely try to get his overrated QB in rhythm with quick throws to his RB’s and TE’s, but if he needs to hold the ball for a few seconds extra, we might just see the old “I have a hip pointer and can’t finish the game” made so famous by that guy in Chicago who tries to throw the ball on Sundays.

## Golf Tees are Sexist like Sidewalks are Opressive	
As for the offense, it’s no secret Rodgers has played well vs San Fran. Bring up the chip on his shoulder thing as being why, but as Mike McCarthy would say, “I’m not here for drama”. So save that storyline for some dipshit USA Today journalist who writes about things like having Men and Women tees in golf as being sexist (that actually did happen, and I would provide the link but I don’t want to waste anyone’s time with something like that). Coming off the bye week also is a plus for the Packers, who were always good with the extra week under Mike McCarthy. However, McCarthy is gone, so again, leave that storyline out. 

## Niners D is good Rodgers Will Be Better
End of the day, the strength of the 49ers is their defense – because it is really really good. I think for the Packers to be successful on offense, it’s going to come down to Rodgers and Davante having success. It’d be great to be able to get Aaron Jones going, but the 49ers have too good of a line to let that happen. This will be the week where Davante gets his Touchdown (hopefully multiple) and Rodgers will just simply need to win this game with his arm. He hasn’t been asked to do that in many of the wins this year, but he will need to in this one. Having the option of your QB taking over and winning a game essentially by himself is what separates teams like the Niners and Packers – and in this matchup, the Packers having the best quarterback in the game gives them that significant advantage.

## It will be a slaughter if Packers can Protect Rodgers
Overall, this will be a tough game and I can see it going either way. If I had to pick 1 thing that will ultimately decide the game, it will be how much duress Rodgers will be under. If the Niners can drop 7 guys back and play coverage while getting pressure, that will be a problem. I realize that’s not some earth-shattering prediction, but when good teams meet up, the game plans are just simpler and it’s who executes better. Also, Jimmy will fold under the national spotlight again (see the Seattle game) and Rodgers will be thrust back into the MVP conversation by the end of this one, so I like the Packers in a laugher 35-13.

## Looking Ahead to the Playoffs
Even if the Packers do lose, it’s potentially better for them for seeding purposes. You may ask what the hell am I talking about, but I’m much more concerned about having to potentially go to Seattle than San Fran again in the Playoffs (i.e. we want San Fran to win the West). I realize Minnesota is a half game (plus tiebreaker) behind the Packers in the division, but I think the Vikings will lose a couple more before the end of the year so fuck them – I’m not worried about those bitches.        