---
layout: post
title:  "Culture Shift to 2-0"
author: Rob W
thumbnail: /assets/images/week2.jpg
permalink: /week2/
---
Benjamin Franklin supposedly said that insanity is continuing to do the same thing while expecting different results.  Something like that I think?  It is an interesting thing to think about while watching the early 2019 on field product the Green Bay Packers have assembled.

Responsibility ultimately falls to Murphy.  But since Gutenkust aka Bratwurst has taken the helm there have been no shortage of decisive personell decisions.  Gutenkust, since his introduction, has essentially rebuilt a defense, given a stagnant offensive scheme a different approach via La Fleur and for better or worse seemingly shifted the entire culture of an organization that had drifted through too many football seasons aimlessly before reaching an all to familiar end - collapse in playoffs or missing the playoffs altogether.

So now we are finally getting to see what real change has taken place since getting a new GM and head coach. Not without mistakes and misfires this kind of change is ongoing and hopefully just getting started.  Having watched the first two games the main thing that jumps out to me is the defense's ability to finish games.  They have given up yardage and big plays but when it matters most they have showed up.  This is culture shift #1. 

Culture Shift #2 is becomming more apparent on the offensive side of the ball.  While the group has been hard to watch at times La Fleur's overall concept seems to be taking hold.  It is human nature to resist change.  Rodgers seems to be more than willing to embrace his human side. Winning will cure that and wins are like poker chips for La Fleur.  When he is challenged over something the overide will be wins.  So long as the Packers play winning football his ability to implement his plan for this football team will be greatly improved.  How difficult would it be for him sitting at 0-2?  I would rather not think about it.

To be sure, sprinting, or more like tip toeing, to a 2-0 start is great.  Still neither win was decisive and it is a long season. La Fleur is no doubt still searching for 100% buy in from his top players on offense and even if he gets it there's no guarantee of anything.  Regardless we can at least say the Packers have tried something different since Mcarthy was let go and have in turn achieved different results.